it's ashley here and I'm coming at you
with an outfit of the day today now I
know I recently just posted an outfit of
the day and I kind of want to split them
apart but this one is uber special
because because it's my 21st birthday
I'm 21 21 even though I'm not acting
like it 21 I'm super excited about it
because I'm officially legal in every
single country excited excited I'm a
little excited you can't tell i'm just
super hyper right now because really
excited cuz it's my birthday so just all
these exciting things are happening
right now my brother's i fell on a
tuesday kind of depressing because on a
Tuesday what can you do well you make
your own fun so that's what i'm doing is
whole entire week from sunday till next
sunday i'm going to be living it up for
my birthday because last year was
honestly one of the most depressing
birthdays I've ever had in my entire
freaking lifetime I swear to you you are
the person who is watching my video who
made my birthday the most depressing
year ever congratulations you win the
title of biggest douchebag things happen
you go through life c'est la vie I just
have a little things dispersed
throughout the entire week to do some
cool stuff but today is my official
birthday and I'm just wearing a casual
outfit I'm gonna go out with my mother
she's gonna pick me up and we're gonna
go get my birthday gift and it was a
bracelet that I wanted for so long so
I'm super stoked to get this then we're
gonna head over to a little part a so
yeah I'm super excited to be 21 even
though I don't feel like it I don't know
such as I feel I'm a little too immature
for my age but I'm not I had like to
have fun and I like to be fun and silly
and that's how I live my life day to day
I feel like why be serious all the time
I'm deciding if i should do um a video
of my outfits of the week for what
one for my different little festivities
that have been going on throughout this
week and what I've worn for them with
that said I'm going to get into my
official birthday outfit now for
accessories I'm just wearing my everyday
bracelet then I put a head scarf around
my wrist it's pretty small and I always
do like a little boho thing around my
head if I go to the beach and then I'm
wearing this belt that i got from H&M
and I weren't a previous outfit of the
day but I don't even think I mentioned
where I got it so if you're interested
in this belt i got it at H&M but i doubt
that they have it anymore so i am sorry
my makeup it's still my everyday makeup
and I did post my video um yesterday
actually this is a really cute dress I
actually got it last year for my
birthday it's from forever 21 it's
really really low cut I had to actually
sew it in here because it's really low
and it's still pretty low but yeah I
just so didn't I tied it on the side
just because I'm walking around my house
and then I made these shoes that you've
seen in many outfit of the days and
they're just like my favorite wedges
they're so adorable they're comfy but
not so comfy you kind of got to be
careful and on this leg it tends to cut
the back of my foot so I have to put my
transformer band-aids on the back
gave my birthday the best birthday ever
go up there and subscribe to my channel
and like this video if you like the
outfit leave me a comment below and let
me know if you actually do want to see
um a week's well it's going to be in one
video so like a week's worth of the
outfits that I wore every single day for
my birthday week that is the end of the
video I want to thank you guys so much
for watching it means so much to me to
have people actually watching my videos
it's so wicked like I can't even believe
it thank you guys so much for watching
and I'll see you in my next video